.TH sound_effects_editor 1 "December 18, 2017"
.SH NAME
sound_effects_editor --- edit sound effects for sound_effects_player
.SH SYNTAX
sound_effects_editor [<project_file>] 
.SH AVAILABILITY
The program should work on any computer system which
provides Python 3 or later, but it has only been tested
on GNU/Linux.
.SH DESCRIPTION
When creating sound effects for a live stage play, you
can edit the ShowControl XML files directly, but it is
more convenient to use this sound effects editor to
create and modify the files.
.P
The optional project file is the ShowControl XML file for
the project.  If this is omitted the last project referenced
by any ShowControl component is used.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --help
Prints a brief description of the program and how to invoke it.
.IP --version
Prints the version number of the program
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "sound_effects_editor The_Music_Man_project.xml"
Extract the sound effects for The Music Man from the project
and allow them to be edited interactively.
.SH NOTES
.SH MESSAGES and EXIT CALLS
.SH AUTHOR
John Sauter, version 0.1, December 18, 2017
.SH HISTORY
.SH RESOURCES
The program requires python version 3 or later to run.
.SH FILES
sound_effects_editor reads the configuration, project and equipment
ShowControl XML files.  It writes the configuration and equipment
files.
.SH BUGS
None known at the time of this writing.
.SH CAVEATS
None known at the time of this writing, but see the README file
for details about how the program operates.
.SH SEE ALSO

